Now once you have done with stakeholders and you courted goals and what their aims are why are they
building this product.
We are going to move to our users.
This is our most important party because if you cannot you know build anything that is going to solve
your users problem.
Your business is also going to fall apart.
So you will lose a lot of business revenue profits.
Anything you have.
So we are going to do a user interview because we want to get more information about our users their
behavior how they interact with their products or our products or our competitors products.
So this is we are going to uncover in user interviews.
So if you are planning for user interviews the first thing we are going to do is we are going to create
some sections for user interviews.
For example I have an e-commerce Web site so I cannot you know ask like 100 questions about everything
about my users that how you do this how you do this how you do this.
We are going to have our sections divided into a few major categories.
For example I want to test new account set up for example sign up of my website.
Then I want to see how our users log in or is there any problems in the log in section.
Then I also want to learn what makes my user two pages anything on my website.
So how what is the information.
What is the key information that looks for when they want to buy something.
What is involved in their purchasing decision.
What are their fears.
Why are they afraid to use my website or B use my payment gateway or things like that.
I am also going to test my checkered process.
So I want to see how seamless is my checkout process.
I can do this in a lot of ways.
We are going to see them in the next few slides.
So let's get ahead now.
We have already divided different sections that we want to death.
These portions or these tasks or these functions are features of any website or e-commerce site.
We are actually building which is frock land and you can see the miss major thing we skipped is motivations.
What actually more TV X my user to use my website.
What are their goals.
Why are they on this website.
What are their fears what have what is keeping them away or what is going to frustrate them.
In the first place.
So these are the few questions you can see I have listed over here.
For what reason you will choose this princess as how quickly do you want the delivery to be what should
be written in The Help Line sections things like that.
So we sometimes don't want to ask these very direct questions we might want to rephrase them like what
is the best help line.
You have seen in similar e-commerce websites.
So if the user shows you on their website and they show you that this is the help line.
I really loved you.
You ask them again that what you really loved about it.
So they are going to you are going to explore and you are going to like book your users and ask Balkan
questions what you loved about it.
Why do you love it and what's make you makes you think that this is the best solution or things like
that.
So we are going to get more information more and more information because we want to use this and improve
our product which is Franklin which is about Princess says dresses our little girl or little princess
dress.
So these are the things you want to ask in your user interview.
Now this happens a lot when you are going to do the user.
You can see user interview for the first time.
When I did for the first time the first user I actually you talked a lot.
So this is the thing you need to you know stop and you need to control yourself.
Don't try to talk a lot.
Ask small very directed questions and don't give a lot of guidance to the user.
Don't tell them that.
Do you use credit card to be online.
Instead you can ask Which method do you prefer to be online so they might have something else in their
mind they might not be using credit card.
For example in my side or in my country credit cards are not used to be online.
Most of the 90 percent of the customers they actually use be at your doorstep.
So the package arrives you collect it and you pay the price to the delivery company.
So this is a totally different mechanism in my country and there are few more services like easy best
are for more online payment systems that are not actually you being used by credit cards.
Now let's talk about some probing questions and how you are going to ask them probing questions I'd
be actually supportive questions for.
A main question you have asked for example if I have asked my user that what problems you have faced
with item delivery or return of the item last time you ordered some clothes and wants the answer this
and I'm going to ask another question to get more information maybe.
I don't ask how would you like to return your product.
Maybe something else.
And depending on the answer.
So what I want the answer.
Try to poke into it.
Try to probe it try to see what else and what other information you can extract from your user.
Okay so a lot of time more stuff all the newbies that are going to you do some user interviews.
The first thing they are going to miss is user context.
So whenever you are actually interviewing a user you are going to interview in their home or office
or whatever device they use to order online or things like that.
They might have very slow internet connection.
They might have a very old iPhone or they might have a very old desktop P.C. that is very slow to load.
So you need to see what are there.
What is their environment.
What are the hardware or the software they are using to complete their different tasks.
So things like that.
So you are also going to print your material for example you want to show your user that these are the
questions or these are the products I want to explore with you.
Show me the process or things like that.
You can also record audio or video if you want.
You can also take pictures of their contacts their room and their hardware nor down what they are using
and at least try to interview three to five users.
So this is actually very important.
At least three users and there is one more user interview technique that is called Gorilla and gorilla
user interviews and what you do there is you actually go to any bar or cafe and get your friends or
anyone and give them a coffee cup of coffee and show them that this is I want to ask you a few questions
about this product and I want to show you something and then I keep asking them questions like ten or
twelve questions.
So this is gorilla testing.
It is very cheap and it is very effective sometimes but they the users you are testing they might not
be the actual users that use your app but you can get some.
You can see some impressions of your product about by going through this gorilla user testing.
So I hope you have enjoyed this lesson of user interview I'm going to share with you the document.
You can download for the user interview questions I have listed.
I hope you enjoyed this lesson.
Stay tuned and see you soon in the next.